I'm going to jump to jump down there
[Music]
hello and welcome back to learning
English with
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground up so in the
last Minecraft video I finished building
the house the house by completing the
windows right here right here and up
there
I finished the windows and I also
explored a cave
well in the cave I found a lot of useful
resources but I couldn't collect them
because I didn't have an iron pickaxe
well now I have iron and I can build I
can build an iron pickaxe to collect
those resources off camera I built these
chests right here because I needed a
place to put all the items that I
collected
so I built these chests and also these
signs so I know what's inside the chests
so right here there's stones
here there's some food
here is wood
um in this chest I'm putting all my
valuable resources like lapis and Iron
Coal and when I find diamonds I'll put
them up here the top chest
this chest has soil so sand and dirt and
I'll show you why I have all this sand
in a little bit
right here these are the things that
mobs like skeletons and zombies drop
when I kill them
um right here this chest is for random
things and this bottom chest is for
tools
so the reason why I have all this sand
all this sand is because also off camera
I built a little farm
right out here
right here
I built this little farm because I'll
always need food food and it'll be very
nice to have a stable source of food
so right here I've planted some wheat
this is wheat right here I planted beet
roots
when I find potatoes I'll plant them
right here
and here all plant carrots
this guy is ruining my farm
when you jump jump
on dirt that's been tilled with a hoe it
ruins it I think in the future I'll
build a fence to put around
to put around the farm but not right now
right now I'm going to build an iron
pickaxe and go back down to the bottom
of the world where I previously saw some
gold and redstone
I want to collect gold Redstone and
hopefully I'll find some diamonds
but right now it's getting dark and I'm
going to sleep
and time to sleep
all right it's morning
so
up here I have my iron
to build an iron pickaxe I need iron and
sticks
okay
I need to put three iron ingots like
this and two sticks
like this and now I can build an iron
pickaxe
so now I'm going back down to the bottom
of the world to find the gold and
Redstone that I saw earlier
okay
here we are
here is the scary Stone Bridge
with a lava on both sides oh okay
so now that I have an iron pickaxe I can
mine this gold see
gold
there we go
I can also mine this redstone
oh it's way slower
to mine underwater
all right
so now I've collected some redstone
this will be great because I need
Redstone to build a compass and with the
compass I can build a map and I need a
map because I'm terrible with directions
I get lost very easily
okay there's more gold
right there
oh I need to eat
I need to eat
do I have more food I do
okay
oh
the spider fell from the ceiling
that was scary
I saw another spider over there
oh well
gold more gold oops
I'm finding a lot of gold
there we go
13 gold I that's great
okay here's some more iron
this is great I need a lot of iron
oh no
this cave is scary
There Are Monsters Everywhere
where should I go now
maybe over there over there looks
interesting
some iron
iron and Lapis iron
okay just two blocks of iron but that's
still good
sadly I don't think I can get that lapis
lazuli
wow
this is weird
I think this is a little glitch I don't
think it's supposed to be like that
place a torch here
and I'll Place Another torch right here
okay this cave is huge wow
I hear a zombie and it's scaring me
all right I think I'm going to go down
there
down there
but first
I'm going oh hey
I don't have any armor
so I can wear his leather tunic right
there
that's cool
I'm going to put a torch right here
so that when I'm down here I can see my
torch and remember my way back
okay I'm going to go down I see a slime
that's a slime
okay
we're getting really deep
I see some Redstone more Redstone over
there
lots of monsters lots of monsters
more redstone
but no diamonds
well I'm going to try to jump
over this lava
jump oh
I really thought I could do that
dang ha
the monsters I hate the worst are the
skeletons
because they can shoot from far away
more gold
oh god oh oh okay
two hearts
okay we're okay
oh no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no
no no
[Music]
I died
so now I have to hurry and find where I
died so I can collect all my things
ooh oh no so I'm just going to run to
run back down there
scary Bridge
I can't believe I died
oh
okay that is where I died
I'm going to jump to jump down there
we're safe
all right where is the skeleton
where is he
get away
go away
okay
gold
and Redstone hey
this is great
Redstone can be used as electricity so
you can use Redstone to build machines
I'm running out of torches
there's a zombie a zombie with gold
armor
more iron
oh a lot more iron
whoa a lot of iron
all right there's still more iron
wow
so much iron
slime
these little slimes can't hurt me
slime balls these are slime balls
there we go
now back to collecting iron
I think that's all of the iron
yeah
oh no
no
okay yeah I don't see any more iron and
also my sword just broke so now I'm
going back home
I'm being chased by a spider
um
okay so I died but it was okay because I
got back all my things
so now I'm going back up to my house
with all the new iron and Redstone and
gold that I found
all right
cool I'm going to close the doors close
close let's see what we got down there
we got
it looks like 84 Redstone put together
64 plus 20 is 84.
we have 63 raw iron
27 gold
and nine slime balls cool I'm going to
take the coal
put it inside the furnace
like this and I'm going to put all the
iron inside the furnace as well
so now we're smelting iron raw iron into
iron ingots so with redstone and iron
I can build a compass for iron and one
Redstone Dust makes a compass
now I'm going to collect some sugar cane
here we go
sugar cane
just like that
oh there's a zombie inside my boat
he died
so with sugar cane I can make paper
paper
so now with paper and the compass I can
make a map
like this
and now
I can see where I am in the world by
looking at the map
so oops I threw the map now that I have
a map I won't get lost nearly as easily
so in the next video I'm going to
explore around my house to see if
there's any more Villages or caves or
anything interesting around I think I'm
going to end this video right here my
last Minecraft videos were pretty long
and I don't think that a lot of people
want to watch videos that are 25 or 30
minutes so I'm going to make this video
a little bit shorter thank you so much
for watching if you liked it you can
subscribe to my channel by clicking up
here if you want to continue learning
you can watch my last video by clicking
down here and I will see you in the next
video see ya